Updated References (#324)
subquery/documentation: docs/run_publish/references.md

### --help

**Boolean** - This shows all the current command options for your current verison of `subql-node`.

### --batch-size

> **Positive Integer (default: `20`)** - This flag allows you to set the batch size in the command line. If batch size is also set in the config file, this takes precedent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Positive Integer (default: `100`, managed service: `30`)** - This flag allows you to set the batch size in the command line. If batch size is also set in the config file, this takes precedent.
```

### force-clean

> **Boolean** - In order to use this command you need to have `@subql/node` v1.10.0 or above.

Reviewer: Force clean is a subcommand `subql-node force-clean -f ./project.yaml`

### --local (deprecated)

> **Boolean** - This flag is primarily used for debugging purposes where it creates the default starter_entity table in the default "postgres" schema.

Reviewer: @jiqiang90 local is now removed, right?

Author: Removed it

### --multi-chain

**Boolean** - Enables indexing multiple subquery projects into the same database schema.

```shell
> subql-node -f . --multi-chain --db-schema=SCHEMA_NAME
```

For more info, visit [Multi-Chain Support](../build/multi-chain.md).

### -d, --network-dictionary

**String (default: Network dictionary from your manifest)** - This allows you to specify a dictionary GraphQL endpoint which is a free service that is provided and hosted at SubQuery's [Project Explorer](https://explorer.subquery.network/). You can search for dictionary and and enter the GraphQL API endpoint (e.g. https://api.subquery.network/sq/subquery/dictionary-polkadot).

Typically this would be set in your manifest file but below shows an example of using it as an argument in the command line.

```shell
subql-node -f . -d "https://api.subquery.network/sq/subquery/dictionary-polkadot"
```

For more info, visit [How does a SubQuery Dictionary works?](../academy/tutorials_examples/dictionary.md)

### --network-endpoint

> **String (default: Network endpoint from your manifest)** - This flag allows users to override the network RPC API endpoint configuration from the manifest file.

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning we can repeat these? `subql-node -f ./project.yaml --network-endpoint=<endpoint-1> --network-endpoint=<endpoint-2>`

### -p, --port

> **Positive Integer (default: `3000`)** - The port the subquery indexing service binds to.

Reviewer: This will find an available port if 3000 is already in use

2021-08-10T10:57:10.361Z <fetch> INFO fetch block [3801,3900], total 100 blocks
```

### --proof-of-index

**Boolean** - Enable or disable Proof of Indexing, this will be required for the decentralised network.

### --query-limit

**Positive Integer (default: `100`)** - The limit of items that can be retrieved by [store operations](../build/mapping/store.md) from within your mapping functions in each query.

> ### reindex

Reviewer: This is a subcommand like force-clean

### -w, --workers

> **Positive Integer (default: `1`)** - This will move block fetching and processing into the specified number of workers. You can increase it with the `--workers=<number>` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Positive Integer (default: `0`)** - This will move block fetching and processing into the specified number of workers. You can increase it with the `--workers=<number>` flag.
```
